Add release notes for 1.4 (#274)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/administration/configuration.mdx

- `extraEnv`: Environment variables to be set on the daemonset containers.
- `labels`: Labels to add to the daemonset pods.
- `image`: Container image used by the daemonset pods.

> - `initContainers.privateCA.image`: InitContainer image used by the daemon pods. Defaults to `busybox`

Reviewer: I believe this is no longer needed. @jpf-okteto can you confirm?

- `activeDeadlineSeconds`:  Maximum duration of the pipeline in seconds.
- `gitSSHUser`: User to be used when cloning git repos using ssh.
- `sshSecretName`: The name of the secret that contains the private key used when cloning git repos using ssh. If it doesn't exist, the key and the secret will be automatically generated by Okteto.

> - `resources`: The resources for the installer job pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `resources`: The resources for  pods created by the installer jobs.
```

  enabled: true
```

### crds

Configures the the Okteto custom resource definition installation.

- `annotations`: The annotations to apply to the CRDs created during the Okteto installation.
- `keep`: Keep CRDs on chart uninstall (defaults to `true`).

> - `install`: Install and upgrade CRDs on chart install (defaults to `true`).

Reviewer 2: The standard is to also have it in the values file. I have checked several CNCF charts. In particular, I like how Argo CD is structuring their helm chart https://github.com/argoproj/argo-helm/blob/main/charts/argo-cd/values.yaml#L34
